Rename the package to dev-oidc-provider (#95)
vivid-planet/dev-oidc-provider: .changeset/plain-otters-rename.md

---
"dev-oidc-provider": major
---

Drop the `@comet` scope from the package name

> The package is now published as `dev-oidc-provider` instead of `@comet/dev-oidc-provider`.

Author: ```suggestion
Rename the package to `dev-oidc-provider`

The `@comet` scope has been removed to make clear that the dev-oidc-provider can be used outside of Comet/Dextinity.
```

Author: Applied in 02e447d, with two small adjustments: your headline replaced the old one on line 5 (applying the suggestion literally at line 7 would have left two headlines), and I kept the migration diff below the new rationale. Let me know if you'd rather drop the migration snippet.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
